Socks have now filled up the situation reasonably
and yes
here we are the game Arminia against ten we take stock of this now
so far negative
But once you have a scooter, the galaxies ultimately turn out to be positive
is
So we at the now a city
I will
a gummi developed
Use Paul pattern that has proven very well
So here's two in a row and then comes a way
that's the road network now
and up here
comes in there
built a market victim
and then even more dull in the way
Danzig SID then look like this
a good one percent too
me here
we're going to build it now
a few more houses
and the PI are not coming yet
now we have to build stands at Marc
but here we leave a place free
which is then for the tavern that will soon follow
sda
and this cross pattern
that is good for the market stalls so in the middle comes the
Cloth and leather the king stood on a side exit of the thriller Zidan von
shopping on all sides should be first 100 already
and buy
Leather or fabric r stood under near-time help here
Here you always get new food that means then you have to subscribe to the people on it
Not so important at the beginning
then expand once
so now we have reached enough residents commented house to build
However, we dive for the tavern alcohol
the alcohol
Wels because he has produced with the small farm
this means
yes here closely with that Kurth
over Lapland
when we 4
small flames
now animals come out here too they produce food
the party
if you click here
a potato field is continued
Here we do it too
and here
Now the animals are disappearing and the company has specialized in al-ko
The Mater Way
Now Alcoa is produced
angry
Now we see we already have it
relatively little tool
Of course, it is still abundant on the ship
but that will not take long
that is also the way it is
here hoped counterattack and then on was Lenka open
Here we lay out the tool
here we make 4 CT for the price of 52
and then percent is coming
archery
if free traders stole Jahner
who else
around the tools the app delivers
sda
court tool too - so do not worry anymore
meanwhile we can also enlarge the city a bit
so we have now
five houses in a row will add another sixth
and now
comes to the European Championship
who strips
thus
is
The city is very good you can very nice here in Bern
in it up here
Okay, we need tools now
already we have again
up here
ProMarkt has off
and her parents
that is the basic structure of the city
Here in this strip are the whole operation percent holdings
public building
settled
and that is
40 children from the catchment area on the lowest inhabitants here
to get
we still feel the event
now again look at the camp
Kurth alcohol is a bit slow that lasts
the other is good
bin Laden is also already a bit more positive
but really positive
wat me first
below to quote the first pioneers
Gould
so
just take a look
since when an alcohol bar clover
we build the tavern
It is important that we always should
where that is head of the market whether house stand
because it can be as fast as possible
pick up the alcohol
but it is possible that it is in the building
and running into the house meets house right here is the
and he gets the alcohol now and then goes back
sda now the inhabitants are really only the chapel and then they can
also stuck
so we'll build the chapel right away
There was still room for a fire department that will be needed later
it will also
always fires in the city
So now all of them are going to church together
and
As soon as these 2 needs are met he will be in Beijing
Kuhrt
and here are the first settlers
I still have the same needs as a pioneer
and once you have reached a certain number you need one too
school
expert
a school can be built which is important to invent things
for example the fire department
but that
simple
that will come in the next step
So we did it once
To achieve goals and distributed in the next one, I show you how to do it now
really to one
positive balance comes
and then you too
8 to pilgrim his settlers
set up
that was it until the next goal crown